Society will never change by its self... only you can help change it.

Acceptance of each others differences is the key to change.

I hunger not for food, but I hunger for change.

Dont try to change the world; just change yourself. Why? Because the whole world is only relative to the eyes that are looking at it.

So much sadness exists in the world that we are all under obligation to contribute as much joy as lies within our powers.

We're blaming the 'society', yet we are society. So to make it a better place, we must change ourselves first.

Let friendship be the bridge to have a better nation and a better world.

Believe, Achieve , Inspire the young ones for a better tomorrow; Help the ones that are too weak and the World will be a better Place.

Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.

People Inspire People.

Changes are products of intensive efforts.

Poverty is not only a lack of money, it's a lack of sense of meaning.

Only the lonely, who can teach us, to not ambiguous.

Love is an expression of power. We can use it to transform our world.

Psychology cannot tell people how they ought to live their lives. It can however, provide them with the means for effecting personal and social change.

First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they fight you. Then you win.

I think of myself as a comedian who has the pleasure of writing jokes about things that I actually care about. And that's really it. You know, if I really wanted to enact social change I have great respect for people who are in the front lines and the trenches of trying to enact social change. I am far lazier than that.

A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defence than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death.

Once social change begins, it cannot be reversed. You cannot uneducate the person who has learned to read. You cannot humiliate the person who feels pride. You cannot oppress the people who are not afraid anymore. We have seen the future, and the future is ours.

Unselfish and noble actions are the most radiant pages in the biography of souls. 

The breeze, the trees, the honey bees – All volunteers! 

The time is always right to do what’s right. ~Martin Luther King Jr.

Volunteers do not necessarily have the time; they just have the heart.  ~Elizabeth Andrew

No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.  ~James Allen

Thanks are the highest form of thought; gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.  ~G.K. Chesterton

How beautiful a day can be, when kindness touches it! ~George Elliston

Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle. Happiness never decreases by being shared. ~Buddha

Appreciation is a wonderful thing.  It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.  ~Voltaire

The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings.  ~Eric Hoffer

No act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted. ~Aesop

The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.  ~William James

The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.  ~Oscar Wilde

Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree. ~Martin Luther

Gratitude is the memory of the heart.  ~Jean Baptiste Massieu

If you can’t feed a hundred people, then just feed one. ~ Mother Teresa

If you think you can, or think you can’t, you’re right. ~ Henry Ford

Be the change you wish to see in the world. ~ Gandhi

Smile at a stranger, and make two people happy. ~Amy Neumann

“Above all, you want to create something you’re proud of.” Richard Branson

 “Give them quality.That’s the best kind of advertising.”Milton Hershey

“A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.” Lao Tzu
 
“It’s never too late to be who you might have been.” George Eliot
  
“The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.” Maya Angelou
  
  “Be so good they can’t ignore you.”Steve Martin
  
 “Content is king.” Bill Gate
 
 “Stop selling. Start helping.”ZigZiglar
 
 “Life’s most persistent and urgent question is, ‘What are you doing for others?’” Martin Luther King
 
 “Everything should be made as simple as possible, bit not one bit simpler.”  Albert Einstein
 
  “When it gets difficult is often right before you succeed.” Chris Garrett
“Success is what comes after you stop making excuses.”Luis Galarza